# Blackjack2.0
My 2nd attempt at making a blackjack game in java. The first attempt was very sloppy and not efficient. This attempt was successful. It features textures and the basic functions of the game Blackjack. It has many more classes than the first attempt which made the game more organized and easier to code. I used different swing components to make the display. I haven't learned about displays in school yet. I had to google a lot about how to make a display and how to implement textures. I had problems with different parts of the display at first. Whenever I would resize the window or change things on the display, it would get all disorientated. I found out this problem was from not setting a layout. I had a problem with adding the background. Previously I just used a default green color as the background. This time I wanted to add a texture, so it looks like a real table. I had to google a lot to figure out how to do this. When I finally got my texture to appear, it would replace the components that were already on the JPanel. I found the problem was that the background was considered a big label, and it was covering the panel. So, I had to add the components to the label instead of the panel. I had other various problems that I solved. Overall I am happy with this attempt and finally get a working version of this game. I will continue to add more features to make the game better. I learned a lot while coding this and I believe it will help me with future projects I pursue.
